Adding priority list and executing description to the pending tasks doc (#74456)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cluster/pending.asciidoc

    the task queue.
    
`priority`::

>     (string) The priority of the pending task. The hierachy of pending tasks execution are `IMMEDIATE` > `URGENT` > `HIGH` > `NORMAL` > `LOW` > `LANGUID`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (string) The priority of the pending task. The valid priorities in descending priority order are: `IMMEDIATE` > `URGENT` > `HIGH` > `NORMAL` > `LOW` > `LANGUID`. 
```
